I thought they're going to be back But you didn't hear? Where did they go?
Dinner with when they left it on their mom column. 8.
Do we have a shopping? they're hanging out better have some message to credit it.
Regular writers did. That is the cutest cutting board.
The table is go on his toes. try some of it.
Just so, I said, when you start making them couple years ago, she is really homesick.
So, and she likes to come home me at that house so I don't really miss home.
I mean I missed my family, though but I don't think about them.
I'm a pair really something I call it or if it is I don't.
I missed my house. Yeah, I missed the feeling a bit.
But like i'm not homesick i'm perfectly to pay the drive point for our so many place love it.
I told you how to use that all really try hard enough to lose it, too.
To it's. not really for sugar that's basic after that, let me. Let's make. And then we had Fraser around. That was okay.
Do you see anybody? I said it, girl Manda, to live on our floor.
The one with a weird laugh. Chimborough mark on our face like a steam color right now.
Oh, yeah, no. She used to be enough lunch. Yeah. Yeah.
The weird weird what she went out That's right yeah he was American, and that girl Laura Laura from New Jersey that was narrow to the triple.
Oh, no way, there's just darwin girls and sharon circle, Laura Norc.
Oh, yeah, but they didn't see them around they would have that Redstone.
That's why it was like free as we pay for coach and the safe house.
Thank you go breath dive there's deck now lighten not a dove.
Yeah, it's heavier so when it's a marsh sleep plus one.
Don't go off to me like last night was on enough tired out, put my hand out, and part of the I don't want them here.
That plug is a messing up touch. Hey you What I was gonna Did they not tell them before school?
No, they had heard of each other like they know, like next time.
Hi! hi! Question my hello like that credit card. What it was for you can have with more.
We can. My mom has like caretaking on this brat and they have the Lpga bell turn up there, and we cares it for all the big waves.
The whole case i'm so like the companies like pepsi was one of the sponsors, so they sent all this stuff.
The full case about the cumina raised Kitty Solomon with everything the bad so far. All right.
Shopping for food some food. Yeah, my sister made a loaf of bread.
Let me go. shannon it's right on the water.
My uncle is so rude, though, I mean the girl was like what can you have a while in my English like like it's like kind of rude isn't.
He that he was like he's just a weird that's like funny. it really bugs me. We frowned my sauce for this cause she wrote it in clams like he had clams and shears Well, we have this kind of this
kind of interesting, We have a one side it's like no that's for steak.
Keep trying not like Oh, I want this you know he's like keep trying to hang, and then you would have thought like it was in the world of milking was like
And they just kind of check your grandma called she didn't yeah, 15 min ago.
What you say anything. You just launched on when your parents got here, and we decided it was about 7, because i'm married, and we told her, and she was happy with that.
She's too chaste to wednesday land I don't know.
I just was went shopping with Ed and his room and They said they'd come over here who know for one i'll just hang out and drink.
Okay, I think it'd be cool because I feel like going anywhere, and what he says in college.
Yes, now, I said, Maybe I said amazing, willie so but they just laughed like 15 min ago. so I don't know they're going to unpack their stuff, and they're going to take a shower right so am I going to
get the so I don't know what they're doing but I can call and find out if they want to come over.
I don't mind I just want hey? yeah and we don't have cable at something in the sense. it's going to be stereo.
We have. yeah we're down of the shannon Oh, yeah we're leaving, and the guys like we left a little bit ahead of my parents and the guy's like, Oh, you guys, how is your dinner?
Really great thinking. anybody's just asking us how dinner was he's like, yeah, you know.
Go on a lot about. What are you South floors? really?
No, but everyone Thinks where you like them we're looking for part-time help, like he's just like recruiting us right off the dinner table.
That's so great that you can make some serious dink did you?
Just well, I was like, yeah, maybe i'll be back yeah and then you get to like, Okay, I don't want to waitress because i'm gonna get too nervous like kind of things.
And a friend of mine is working there already. We saw we walked in.
She was there, and I said, Oh, you must make good dingo.
And she was like, Yeah, if you can keep up with it, you can make really good money.
So be perfect, Jen, and then 8 you know and then, like if she got in. Then she have say, Oh, I had this friend who needs.
Yeah, we're gonna what time we're getting up to 5, 10, fifth was your clock, probably what time I said.
I don't know 10. Oh, I thought I said 1015 I think it's in 5.
Another year, too. Yeah, everybody's making noises around here maybe everything. Now the banging and solid insulation, and they put another smelly on it.
The best job. Exactly. This is what my dad said about the board for the refrigerator, he said.
When you put it in, don't cut it straight across and stick it in, because when you shut the door, if it's perfectly fit, you won't get air circular from the top to the bottom, which you need a refrigerator
so whoever cuts it to either put holes like 5 holes, drill 5 holes in it, or cut it so straight, and fits on the sides, and then on the end it comes straight out, and then comes in a little bit, Do
you know what I mean. So if this was the piece of board leave it like, have it come like this, and all these space is cut off, so the theater can search it.
I'm probably the screw drill will also be easier so they only just saw, because I forgot the ln for Jason, and I know he's asleep.
Maybe I can ask Ed. and He's going home yeah he can do it at home Tuesday, and she even took money kills it.
They wrote them. What was it with her attacking him yeah he really worked my own, But he needed they're trying to figure out the bill.
The money and whatever. so he needed change like 2, 5, or 10, or something.
So she gave him, and then he kept it and he'd give her like the 10, you know.
She's attacking boy. I want my money and play pinching him like making the scene.
We're like Oh, my God and then he's like my Dad's like God!
What would you do for $10? you'd like you should see what you would do for $10?
And then you got something to be 5 at a time and you'll have to like perform for it.
Neither like it's she that is so funny she's like cracking up.
Was she made. No, I think she liked that a little bus because it's acting strange.
How do you? Is that very rude, uncle? Yes, Yeah, I haven't even since I hated that Chinese food today.
The that's really kings which are so far all this food but nothing seems good.
Well, I couldn't make possible I don't feel like anything coming? I could just have ugly cows.
How about French bread? like a real bagget,
You like that time. I couldn't just eat bread all day 10, so that we have coffee maker and coffee that have coffee tomorrow morning.
Don't know how much to put so you just have to like Oh, I know I just do.
Yeah gets guessed. So you get it right. I always make it too strong.
How do you work it? you just pour the water and if You've got a copy filtering about the whole slide. Yep.
Put the coffee filter in here get the coffee in so i'll turn it on for the wise, or how much water the wire is.
The enough wire. Will you tell me how I now remember, however much you want.
Okay. and then just to have how many scoops of it goes with that much, those stirring their shops a little bit, they so good.
But you guys are right after. Yeah, I would like cream.
So. Oh, they weren't too strong you could just barely taste the room, but it's strong enough so you could like you knew they weren't that virgin like we had like 5 I have a second man How did you do
Well, I want you. I know I had like 2 sets on my mind.
He had like finished his when I was like so you don't have to drive them to the airport.
No, thank God, I didn't want to be like Ok.
Go ahead, but I was like, Come on, You can do a trial always.
I give everybody to have shelf in there for their food.
So I have to switch around because all your stuff is like spread out right.
Yes, it's a lot of stuff and it doesn't matter because then I also put some of first stuff there, and maybe like 2 people could share that, and 2 people couldn't take threshold mar or something like that that's a good kind of
it or that it's totally there's like pans on that shelf there, but that's a painful one.
I don't know what whatever cause last year we said Oh, we'll all share food then, like when Mom you do not want to share food.
Then we'll chat our own cover and that worked out pretty well. yeah.
Well, you shared certain things. you know what I mean like if you're like like that doesn't go away from different, but like I mixed ice tea or something do that like I bought cranberry juice so fish for all
man, and like I don't like it suit that's a good thing I said it's just like how many what I bought, so I should not that I care if you no I don't even can't spaghettios but we're going to care